! Ayr's notes on the ORIGINAL Safari Saga art, taken 2026-08-27 10:32 PM,
! transcribed from the "Terrane animals correct" note 2026-08-29.
!
! Format:  Name :: note
! A name with NO note means start over from reference pictures. Ayr is not
! sending pictures this round, so those are NOT rendered yet - they are parked.
! "redo" or "try again" with no further detail is the same thing: parked.

Andean Cat :: splotches of dark on its muzzle
Gelada ::
Greater Horseshoe Bat :: the nose and the tips of the wings
Mexican Free-tailed Bat :: doesn't have a long tail
Basking Shark ::
Dugong :: nose/mouth needs work
Fiddler Crab :: has 2 mouths and 4 eyes
Glass Eel ::
Great White Shark ::
Bulldog Bat :: try rendering as fishing bat
Hector's Dolphin :: pattern is off
Horseshoe Crab :: try a different angle
Irrawaddy Dolphin :: head wrong shape and body needs to be longer
Lava Lizard :: has a red throat
Leafy Sea Dragon :: more horizontal less vertical
Nicobar Pigeon ::
Sea Lamprey :: so much more terrifying
Sea Otter :: on side, holding a sea urchin
Sea Squirt :: multiple tubes attached to a rock, not one body
Spotted Eagle Ray :: make the flow the same profile as the sting ray
Sunflower Sea Star :: try again, so many arms
Weedy Sea Dragon :: less spiky more smooth
Arabian Oryx :: marks are darker, closer to black
Bilby :: shorter legs
Emu :: body is more horizontal oval shaped
Honeypot Ant ::
Jerboa :: looks too much like a rabbit
Lesser Long-nosed Bat :: doesn't have a long nose. Has a normal nose
Rattlesnake :: rattle too big
Beagle :: dark lines are splotchy, has an extra tail pointing downward
Border Collie :: white piece in-between left side legs
Earthworm :: should not have any legs
Dogue de Bordeaux :: needs a different profile perspective
Domestic Duck :: underside shadow too dark and blotchy
Koi :: should be longer
Tabby Cat :: looks too exotic. Needs to be more grey
Superb Lyrebird :: not a brown peacock. Redo
Tasmanian Devil :: shorter and more compact, not a dog or wolf
Asian Golden Cat :: weird dark spot on muzzle
Bandicoot :: needs to be changed to Eastern Barred Bandicoot
Blue-tongued Skink :: redo. No blue on the outside, just the tongue
Capuchin :: face looks too human
Bobcat :: tail needs to be shorter and erect
Chameleon :: human standing pose problem
Chrysalis :: should be on a branch with leaves, not the leaves coming out of the chrysalis
Civet :: should be skinnier
Colobus :: is actually human related. Shouldn't be on all fours
Dormouse :: tail less squirrel like
Echidna :: needs to be more brown
Fire Salamander :: doesn't have ears, instead has eyes that are raised
Flying Squirrel :: more flap
African Millipede :: it's just a circle, it needs a head
Hawk Moth ::
Greater Bird of Paradise ::
Howler Monkey :: should be black not orange
Patagonian Mara :: legs too long
Praying Mantis :: number of legs is wrong
Slow Loris :: the hands are messed up
Snub-nosed Monkey :: thinner, more monkey less ape
Wallaby :: needs to be smaller and rounder
Virginia Opossum ::
Frilled Shark :: redo the head
Leatherback Sea Turtle :: correct color, wrong body shape
Oarfish :: much longer and wavy like a ribbon
Ocean Sunfish :: rounder, silly looking
Pilot Whale :: longer, rounder head
Risso's Dolphin :: longer and rounder head
Scaly-foot Snail ::
Sperm Whale ::
Spinner Dolphin :: longer and thinner
